This is how we tried to make the game work:

The Menu
When you start the game, it gives you a Menu screen with "Play," "Credits," "Controls," and "Seecret Code." (The code can be found in the code. Have fun.) Credits shows the credits, Controls shows the controls, Seecret Code brings up a dialog box to type in the code, and Play plays the game. 

The Game
When you start the game, it is practically the same as the old arcade game Asteroids. There are a few differences, the first one being that Pressing E will fire a blue bullet that, instead of destroying asteroids, will carry them along in the direction the bullet was going. The other difference is that after some amount of time has elapsed (I believe it's either 30 seconds or 1 minute, you'll have to check the code) the words "BOSS INCOMING!!!" will flash three times and a huge black spaceship will appear. The spaceship was supposed to have its own health and was supposed to be killable, but the summer camp ended before we could finish coding the boss fight.The health was supposed to display with those three Purple versions of the Heart sprite. The boss attacked by launching three spaceships at the player's current position, the idea was that the player had to constantly move out of the way to avoid being hit. After the game ended, if the player won, it would say "You won!!!" underneath the "Game Over," and if they lost only the game over would be displayed. In either case, a Bolide (the large orange asteroid with a firey tail [Bolides are real things, they are asteroids that catch fire and explode]) flies through the words "Game Over," (We wanted to implement the bolide sprite into the actual game, but we didn't have time) and the player's score is displayed along with their remaining hearts (in the code you can find the beginning of a score-calculation algorithm, it was some combination of the number of asteroids destroyed and the number of hearts remaining.) To defeat the boss, you have to use deflector bullets to smash asteroids into him (I don't think that works yet either).

Known bugs
When the Boss fires UFOs, they move with the spaceship, making survival impossible. I'm not sure if this still happens, but maybe.

The game is incomplete. It got really messed up when it was imported, so I'm sure there are more bugs. Also the Boss Fight is not finished.

These rules are just how me and my friend wanted it to work, you can change basically anything you want.





Have a good time! If you want to mess with the code, email me at erik.boesen@gmail.com, and if you release anything, post/tweet anything about working with our code, please give me a mention. Social links found at erikboesen.weebly.com.
- Erik